Add fault diagram to ASB, RabbitMQ, and SQS topology diagram that explains the flow of messages for errors (#5501)
MassTransit/MassTransit: doc/content/3.documentation/6.transports/2.rabbitmq.md

}
```

:::alert{type="info"}
The broker topology can be customized using the [topology API](/documentation/configuration/topology).
:::

### Publish

These are the exchanges and queues for above mentioned example topology for a Publish of a [polymorphic message that uses inheritance](/documentation/concepts/messages#message-inheritance):

:::alert{type="info"}
MassTransit publishes messages to the message type exchange, and copies are routed to all the subscribers by RabbitMQ. This approach was [based on an article][2] on how to maximize routing performance in RabbitMQ.
:::

![Publish topology RabbitMQ](/rabbitmq-topology-publish.svg)

### Send

These are the exchanges and queues for above mentioned example topology for a Send:

![Send Topology for RabbitMQ](/rabbitmq-topology-send.svg)

### Fault

> These are the exchanges and queues used when messages fail. The failing message gets forwarded to an `_error` queue by default. The following diagram shows which Exchanges and Queues are used when a message fails to be processed and is deadlettered for the above mentioned example topology, as well as how fault result messages are sent.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These are the exchanges and queues used when messages fail. The failing message gets forwarded to an `_error` queue by default. The following diagram shows which Exchanges and Queues are used when a message fails to be processed and is deadlettered for the example above.
```

:::alert{type="info"}

> The diagram shows the non-default usage of the [Azure Service Bus dead-letter queue](/documentation/configuration/transports/azure-service-bus#using-service-bus-dead-letter-queues).

Reviewer 2: This is RabbitMQ referring to ASB...

[2]: http://spring.io/blog/2011/04/01/routing-topologies-for-performance-and-scalability-with-rabbitmq/

![rabbitmq-publish-topology](/rabbitmq-publish-topology.svg)

### Send

The exchanges and queues for the send example are shown.

![rabbitmq-send-topology](/rabbitmq-send-topology.svg)

> Note that the broker topology can now be configured using the [topology](/documentation/configuration/topology) API.

### Faults

> The exchanges and queues that are used when messages fail. The failing message by default gets forwarded to an `_error` queue. The following diagram shows which Exchanges and Queues are used when a message fails to be processed and is deadlettered and how fault result messages are send.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These are the exchanges and queues used when messages fail. The failing message gets forwarded to an `_error` queue by default. The following diagram shows which Exchanges and Queues are used when a message fails to be processed and is deadlettered and how fault result messages are sent.
```
